Why are you ignoring me?
Don't the photos look good?
Bad mood
I didn't see you on Gu'an Street today
Are you here?
Don't ask what you shouldn't ask
I'm going to the National Treasure Convention
We can meet there if you want
Poor.
Okay, I'll satisfy you once.
But you have to wear the sexiest underwear.
Did you hear that?
Listen to you
Always wanted to
Yo Boss Feng
I haven't thanked you enough yet
I found someone to see your treasure in the town store
Absolutely genuine.
Ben.
The big winner should be yours
Haha Young Master Fang
I'll pay you for this baby.
Then our debt can be written off
Ouch, one horse is one horse
You paid me for this antique, that's right
But that debt is another story, right?
Ah, let's talk about it again.
You should know what I want
Master Feng, please respect yourself
Well, you have a drink with me
Let's discuss the money matter carefully.
Don't give face, right?
OK
There we go.
Help the young master stay safe